1.How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?


	Comparing two files using commands like git diff or FC will show us only differences,
 	which will help us to see the bugs easily. Otherwise its a lot more time consuming
 	process to manually compare two files.


2.How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?


	Having access to history of a files is helpful, as each change in a file is very important,
	and it makes me aware of the changes we made for every version, that helps to find bugs,
	also we can restore the previous version of code if something went wrong, and it also helps
	to keep track of how the code has modified in a step by step process to add new features in
 	every version.


3.What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?


	Manual saving gives us control over the code as it whould allow us to save when we want to, 
	also we can save the changes by giving appropriate name to the change, by looking at the name 
	of the change(commit) we can guess what has modified, which will help us to fix the bugs easily.
 	Auto saving helps in case we forgets to save. But auto saving doesnot have the control, so it
	gets messier while commiting and comparing.  
    

4.Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?


	A project contains several files, and they are interrelated, sometimes one logic change involves
	more than one file, so saving all files at one commit saves the changes we have done in 
	diffferent files at one go, without having us to save files separately.


5.How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?


	git log - Shows us all the commits we have done and shows the unique id for every specific
		  commit with commit messages.
		  
	git diff - Helps to find out the changes between two commit ids.


6.How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?


	With the help of version control we can keep track of what we have updated in the code using
	commit ids, also we can even check for bugs, otherwise it whould have been a tedious task to
	find what went wrong or what changes happened in our code to find errors, maintaining versions
	makes it easy to handle code and we will not have the fear of losing code while we make changes.
	if something went wrong in our code, then still we can restore the previous version files and
	start working again.


7.Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?


	I would like to use git to keep track of files of my projects.