1.When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

	When I want to share my code with others and also to save the backup of code.
	when working on different computers, remote repository makes it easy to update
	and to fetch back the changes.
	when am working with other people on a project, remote repository makes it easy to share updates.

2.Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

	Because for example we might work on different feature here on local repository, while auto updating, 
	changes of remote repository  may create bugs or conflicts which mess up the new feature code, that is
	why it is better to pull the changes manually after completing the feature or when we want it to update
	rather than auto update.

3.Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

	Branch: Branching is helpful when we want to work on new feature without disturbing master branch that
		is main code or development, Branches happen on a single repository, i.e changes will affect to 
		the same repository.

	clone:  clone helps in copying the entire repository. 
		- we can clone the repository from github to local machine and
		- we can clone in our own machine to different location.

	fork:   forking is only used within the context of github, forking means cloning the repo from one github
		account to another account on github.
		After forking, we can clone the repo to our own machine but changes we make won't affect to the
		original repo from where we have forked, unless the author gives us collaboration option.


4.What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

	we can work offline without the internet access if we have last known state of the remote stored locally.

5.How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

	To collaborate without using git or github, I might use Dropbox or Google docs or just email the files,
	which is very tedious to maintain. But these works better only for small projects, harder to handle the
	large projects which involve multiple files, also it gets harder to save the history of files. 
	The easiest thing without git or github whould be we do not have to learn git commands, but github is a
	collaboration place for software professionals to learn and to contribute from the open source code. So
	it is better to learn and use github which will be useful for projects in long run.
	So now I cannot think of anything without git for my projects because it is so helpful for version control. 

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    Fill in your answer here
